What if I told you there's a new way to
write viral YouTube scripts and blow up
your channel with no more than 12
minutes per script? You see, after
working with the top educational
creators and generating over 50 million
views with my scripts, I discovered that
creators waste days making videos that
get no views and no sales. That's why
I'm excited to announce the biggest
decision of my life. I've partnered with
my good friend Gail, who's grown
venturebacked software companies to
millions of dollars in revenue to bring
you Subscriber. Subscriber is an AI
agent that's completely changing the
game for creators on YouTube. So, in
this video, I want to show you how you
can use Subscriber to write viral
scripts in 12 minutes, not hours, and
the AI features that you can already use
in Subscriber to make growing your
channel much easier. But first, let me
show you how you can use Subscriber to
blow up your channel by ethically
stealing my exact script writing
frameworks that I've used to generate
millions of views and use them to write
your own scripts. Let me show you how it
works. So, over here, when you log into
Subscriber, you'll immediately see a
chat box. And when you press this plus
button over here, you can add your own
channel. And you can immediately start
prompting it. say, "Write a script on
how to get your first 1,000
subscribers." You could give it more
input or you can give it less input, but
let's just see what it comes out with
this. And immediately, you can see we go
into a canvas-like view where you can
kind of drag it left and right. And
there's a bunch of questions here that
guides you on how to write the script.
So, you don't have to really do a bunch
of brainstorming. You can just go back
and forth with the subscriberbot. I
think this is pretty sick. So, it gives
you a bunch of questions. You can answer
the questions if you'd like. Obviously,
the more information that you give it,
the more accurate that it will be. But,
let's just answer a couple of these
questions and see what it comes up with.
What specific milestones or strategies
from your own YouTube journey will you
highlight to make the advice feel more
relatable? I want to talk about me
posting my first YouTube video and how
nervous I was because I didn't know how
people would perceive me. I wanted it to
be perfect and this led to analysis
paralysis.
Something simple like that. What three
to five actionable steps do you want
viewers to walk away with so they feel
confident reaching their first 1,000
subscribers? Now the first step would be
to just start and get over the fear of
looking good. No matter what, when you
put your stuff out there, you will be
judged. There is no ways around it. But
it is the ability to take being judged
by the public for your creativity is
what make great creators great. Expand
on this point, right? And if I'm not
sure, I can just ask it to expand. Okay.
The second step would be to focus on
your video ideas. Right? Video ideas are
the biggest lever when it comes to
writing a viral or having a viral
YouTube video. Explain the importance of
ideas and then give actionable steps on
how to use the outlier theory for
ideiation. The third step would be to
spend more time on pre-production than
on production. Aka spend more time
scripting because the viewer is about
the words that you say, not whether you
have the craziest edits or animations on
screen. and talk about how there is a
balance between spending our time on
pre-production versus just shipping and
recording the video. Okay, something
input like that. Um, let's see. What
what common mistakes do beginners make
when growing their channel and how will
you help uh your audience avoid them? I
don't want to talk about common
mistakes, just the steps listed above.
Okay. And bang. Let's just generate the
outline and see what this gives us. And
here in literal seconds, you can see
that you have an outline written out
based on your initial input that you
give. So you can see here the hook open
of a personal story by uploading your
first video. Contrasted paralysis with
reality promise three specific steps to
get me from zero to 1,000 subscribers
faster than expected. And then here you
can edit it directly from like the
prompt base. This is something that you
can't do with cloud. You can't do with
Chad GBT, but you can do within
subscribers. So you can literally like
type whatever. So over here, if you have
any edits that you want to do to the
outline, you can literally like talk to
the bot and it will immediately edit the
outline. So in the hook, I want to add
that I grew my YouTube channel from zero
to 1,000 subscribers in uh 27 days with
just three videos. And then I want the
promise to be if I were to start over
again, I follow these three steps. You
can see here it's generating the
outline. And let's see it. It just
directly edit the hook. So you can see
here right immediately it just edits it.
I promise if I was starting over again,
I follow these exact three steps. Like
as easy as that. Review the breakthrough
result. Grew from zero to 1,000
subscribers in just 27 days with only
three videos. So you can just literally
talk to it and it'll immediately just
only edit the section, right? Instead of
producing the entire thing. If you use
claw, it'll stop producing the entire
thing again, which is not what you want.
And if there are sections that you don't
want, you can literally just delete the
entire section and you can move on to
the next part. So reframe judgment is
entry fee, right? Actually, this is like
pretty pretty good, right? Post your
first video within 48 hours. So for step
one, I want the actionable item to be to
make a commitment to posting a video by
a certain day and have friends and
family hold you accountable and
literally it will just edit it section
by section. Okay, bang. And you can see
here, right? Make a commitment to
posting a video by specifically and have
friends and family hold you accountable.
So just like that, you can talk to
chatbot and it will edit the rest of it.
And once you're done editing this entire
outline, all you have to do is just go
here, press script, and you can
immediately start writing. You you can
pick the specific language that you
want. You can start your script here,
right? You can change the length of the
script. Let's say I want it to be 1,600
words. And then you can just click
generate script. It's as easy as that.
Over here on the bottom left, you can
change the model that you use. Uh let's
say I want to use claw or you can use
deepseer. You can use HBD5. We've
already built that in. And over here,
you can pick the exact template that you
want. So here you can create your own
script template and your own prompts
that you want to put and turn that into
a template that you will eventually be
able to share with other people. And
over here you can just pick the voice
that you want that is trained on your
specific channel. So the Brian V2 voice
is trained on my specific channel. All
you have to do is upload your channel
onto subscriber and it will give you
your voice and be able to write exactly
like you. So let's click generate script
and see what it gives us. And bang. You
can see over here it's already starting
to produce the entire script. And you
can see over here it's being written bit
by bit by bit. There you go. In less
than a minute, you have a script that's
pretty YouTube optimized. And just to
prove it to you, let's read the hook
together. Right. I still remember
posting my very first YouTube video. I
was so nervous about how people would
perceive me that I spent 3 months just
thinking about it. I wanted to be
perfect. The lighting, the audio, every
single word I said. I kept telling
myself I'd post it next week, then next
month, then maybe next year when I had
better equipment. But here's what
actually happened when I finally hit
publish. I grew my YouTube channel from
zero to a,000 subscribers in just 27
days with only three videos. The thing
that was holding me back wasn't my
camera quality or my editing skills. It
was my own perfectionism. If I was
starting over again today, I followed
these exact three steps to replicate
that success. And I'm going to show you
the counterintuitive truth about why
perfectionism actually kills channels
before they even start. You can see
that's a pretty pretty good hook. If the
title of your video is how to get your
first 1,000 subscribers, there's social
proof baked into it. There's a story
hook baked into it and there's actual
promise, which is exactly what I teach
on this channel. It's the exact
frameworks trained and that I teach on
this very channel. You can literally
write a full script based on that. And
the best part about this is that it
actually is trained on my very specific
voice. And you can literally write
scripts that are written in your voice
because when you click onto your channel
and you go into settings and you add a
new voice, what you can do is you can
provide your own transcripts from your
YouTube channel. So you can just add
your own YouTube channel and it gives
you an exact replica of your voice. Or
if you don't already have an existing
YouTube channel, you can provide writing
samples and you can provide writing
samples from competitor channels. So you
can literally paste in writing samples
from competitor channels and it will be
able to give you a very accurate voice.
So for example, I added all of the
videos from my channel and this is what
it outputed, right? It telling me the
label is young YouTube strategist or
script writer, confident results focused
creator who teaches YouTube strategy and
script craft. Speaks like a consultant
who also makes content. Candid, slightly
brash, fastm moving and obsessed with
what actually works. early 20s to early
30s, YouTube consultant, energetic,
pragmatic, maltly, self, expert by
results, sites, client wins, right?
First person, and it gives you a bunch
more different fields that is super
duper accurate just by feeding it a
couple transcripts, right? So, it's able
to write in your voice. And if you want
to customize your actual script
template, you can go over here and you
can see here there's a base template
that is default or there's an
educational template, right? where if
you click here and clone, you can see
that there's a description and then
there's the actual prompt here. So, if
you wanted to train subscriber on your
own prompt and customize it, you could
actually go in and do that. Or if you
don't like the initial prompts, then
I've made inside Subscriber. You can go
in and edit it and you'll actually have
a script that you're super duper happy
with, something that's retention
optimized, something that's customized
for your channel because you can
customize the prompts. And the reason I
decided to partner with subscriber is
because the potential for the number of
people that I'm able to impact with
subscriber, the number of YouTubers,
creators, business owners who will be
able to use subscriber and actually get
results of their channel is multiplied
10fold with software and just having a
bunch more creators and business owners
have access to this very specific tool.
And it's trained on all of the data that
I've used to create YouTube videos. So,
we know it works. It's battle tested,
right? I've used it for my clients. I've
used it for myself and I'm giving it all
to you today. Moving forward, you can
expect even more exciting features to
come out in Subscriber. We're going to
bake in a memory so that when you give
it feedback, it actually remembers the
feedback that you give it. You'll also
be able to turn your long form scripts
into short form scripts, blogs, and
articles. So, it'll be way, way, way
easier for you to repurpose your
existing content, and a bunch more other
features that I'm super excited to
announce in the future. And if you sign
up to subscriber with the link in the
description below, I have a special
offer for you for people who come
through this specific video. I don't
think I've been more excited to create
YouTube videos like ever. I think this
is a super exciting announcement for me
and for you because AI script writing is
taking over. And in terms of what you
can expect from this channel, I'm going
to be posting a lot more YouTube script
writing content in the coming weeks. I'm
finally settled down in one place after
digital nomading for the past 18 months.
I'm going to tell the story about that
and you guys can expect me to bring the
fire in terms of value and being the
real biggest YouTube script writing
brand on YouTube. Thanks for watching
and keep crushing it.